‘Did you use to watch it with her, then, The Wizard of Oz?’ asked Yaz. That was why they were at Grauman’s Chinese Theatre on August 15th, 1939. It had been Graham’s turn to choose what they’d watch – any film, any time, any place. And this was what he’d chosen.

But the Doctor shook her head. ‘Fifteenth of August, 1939. Earth.’ She licked a finger and held it up to the wind. ‘Yep, proper Earth, not a parallel universe or whatnot.’

Graham didn’t look keen. ‘Hold on a tick,’ he said. ‘I mean, I didn’t mind popping to 1939 for a movie evening, but we are not hanging around here. World War Two’s happening in, what, two weeks? Three?’

‘Conscription starts next year,’ said the Doctor. ‘Year after that, Japan bombs Pearl Harbor. The US joins the war the next day.’ They all looked around them. How many of these young men in sharp suits and fedoras would still be alive come the end of the war in 1945?

‘No, that’s not it – it’s 1939 … minus 1900 – ooh, that’s a nice easy sum – it’s been out nearly forty years! Plus, it’s sold a million copies! There should be a whole series of books by now. L. Frank Baum? TARDIS databanks,’ she added as an aside to the others.

‘Hang on, better close the doors,’ said Graham, and went over to the central console where he operated the relevant control. The main doors swung silently together, isolating the ship’s crew from Hollywood, from the 1930s, from Earth altogether.

‘Yep! Told ya! Here it is!’ The Doctor hurtled back into the control room a few moments later, waving a small hardback book with a picture of a red lion on its green cover. ‘First edition, this is.’ She read out: ‘The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. By L. Frank Baum. Pictures by W. W. Denslow. Published 1900.’ She gave a nod. ‘Told you. One of the most popular works of children’s fiction ever!’

‘I am K9, Mark five,’ the dog announced.

They all looked at the Doctor. ‘Well, I was thinking about dogs, and I was looking at the robots, and I remembered that robots and dogs put together make the very, very best friends. Don’t they, K9?’

‘Well, finished making. I’d done most of the work ages ago. Just needed a bit of soldering here and a touch of sonicking there. I mean, what better way to communicate with robots than with a robot? Ready, K9?’

‘Er, K9, can you ask them where we are?’ Yaz said to the robot dog.

‘Very well,’ agreed K9. ‘I will not tell you there is a wizard.’

K9 made a huffing sound. ‘I cannot be expected to answer a question I have already been instructed not to answer!’

‘You can tell me, K9,’ said the Doctor. ‘Is there a wizard –’

K9 conferred again with the Chumblies.

‘No information about what elements are kept on what items of furniture,’ said K9.

The Doctor heard her. ‘K9’ll know. His memory circuits should have been protected by the TARDIS too. K9 – I want you to tell us everything in your databanks about The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. The book and the film. Oh, and L. Frank Baum too. You can tell us all that while we’re, you know, following this pathway, which happens to be made of bricks that are a sort of golden colour,’ adding without pause, ‘Graham, don’t sing.’

K9’s ears oscillated for a few moments, then he said: ‘The Wonderful Wizard of Oz tells the story of an Earth girl called Dorothy who, with her dog, Toto, is carried by a cyclone from her home in Kansas to the Land of Oz. Endeavouring to find a way to return, she is told to visit the Great Wizard Oz. During her journey she gains three companions: a scarecrow, a man made of tin and a cowardly lion, all of whom also wish to request gifts from the Wizard: respectively a brain, a heart and some courage. The book was written by Lyman Frank Baum, born 1856, an actor turned writer. He wrote fourteen books about Oz, as well as stage plays.’

‘Oh!’ The Doctor suddenly jumped up and down, an eager student desperate to tell the teacher an answer. ‘Theme parks! That’s where I read about them, in the TARDIS databanks! K9, didn’t Baum build an Oz theme park?’

K9 cleared his metal throat. ‘Ahem. Lyman Frank Baum planned to build an Oz amusement park on an island near California, where he would live, served by people dressed as the characters from his books. However, this ultimately did not happen.’

Yaz had already tried to explain this more than once. But, even after witnessing the wonders of the TARDIS and landing in a strange, magical land, the idea that something had been erased from history was hard for Theodore to take in. Yaz sort of understood why – it was something that directly contradicted his own lived experience. Like gaslighting – except it happened to be true. ‘Maybe K9 can explain it better,’ she suggested.

Theodore turned to the robot dog. ‘Mr K9, sir, why is it that I don’t know this Baum guy or his books?’

K9 waggled his ears, then waggled them again. ‘No data,’ he said at last. ‘In order to calculate I must update my memory banks.’

It took the Doctor a few seconds to realise what was happening. Then she launched herself towards her dog, yelling, ‘No! K9, no!’

Too late. ‘Memory banks updated,’ announced K9.

The Doctor held out a hand showing her fingers firmly crossed. ‘You never know …’ She took a deep breath. ‘K9. Tell me about The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Please.’

‘K9. Do you know anything about the Land of Oz at all?’

A pause as the little mesh ears wagged again. Then K9 said, just as firmly as before: ‘No data.’

‘No data! No data!’ A distant watcher gazed into her crystal ball and mimicked K9’s words, then said with mock sadness, ‘Oh dear, poor Doctor. It looks like you’re going to be getting a few surprises along the way …!’

Theodore hadn’t stopped apologising for the last mile, even though Yaz kept insisting it was unnecessary – if she hadn’t clicked that, outside the protection of the TARDIS, any update to K9’s systems would overwrite the data, then he couldn’t possibly be expected to know.

But without K9’s knowledge to guide them, and the only copy of the book in existence – as far as they knew – still stuck fast in its slot in the console, the party was now travelling unprepared through the land that they would, for convenience, call Oz.

Graham said he’d give it a go – although walking with his eyes shut proved slightly hazardous, and after he’d tripped over K9 for the third time, he gave it up. But he was still trying his best to bring every scrap of information to mind, and every few minutes he’d suddenly yell out something like ‘Munchkins!’ or ‘Flying monkeys!’ and then revert to silence as he began thinking again. And if a few tears ran down his cheeks … well, maybe he was reliving it a bit too vividly.

‘Watch out, Grandad!’ he said. ‘Dyspraxic, yeah? I don’t need any help to fall over – I can do it on me own.’ Ryan grabbed a broken tree branch that was lying near the path and used it to help pull himself up. ‘Anyway, we know about the Scarecrow. K9 said about it, and even I remember –’

Everyone ran. Yaz grabbed Theodore’s hand and pulled him along. But the scarecrows were on the move again too. The friends darted this way and that, but the end was inevitable. Finally they stood, all five back to back, with K9 in the centre, totally encircled by scarecrows. The straw people were still at a distance, but they were slowly closing in, one lurching step at a time – the leisurely pace somehow more frightening than if they’d rushed. They knew their victims couldn’t escape, and they were enjoying this.

Laser beam after laser beam shot from K9’s nose-blaster, but the scarecrows just kept coming.

With a cry, Theodore leaped backwards. He tripped over K9 and knocked into Ryan, who fell toward the menacing scarecrows.

‘You’ve got to. Yaz, Theodore, K9 – that way. Ryan and Graham – that way. Quick! Now!’

Ryan got there first. He flapped his arms around and shouted as loud as he could. Then came K9, shooting laser beams that had much more of an effect on crows than scarecrows. To everyone’s relief, the crows flew away as quickly as they’d landed.

‘In The Wizard of Oz, the Scarecrow doesn’t have a brain,’ said Yaz. She was talking quietly so only the Doctor could hear. ‘That’s what K9 said, and I remember it too,’ she went on. ‘So … have these scarecrows sort of … removed Graham’s brain somehow? I don’t mean literally, not cut his head open, but that they’ve taken away his brainpower. I know it sounds ridiculous …’

As usual, the Doctor was decisive. ‘I’ll go in and get them. I can resist the pollen for a lot longer than you humans can. K9, with me. Yaz, you stay here and look after Theodore. Theodore, you stay here and look after Yaz.’ And with that she strode into the meadow.

‘Too right!’ called the Doctor. ‘You gave it a go. All anyone can ask. And you did more than a lot of people would do, I can tell you. I’m proud of –’ She broke off. ‘Hang on! K9! Are you here, K9? K9! Does anyone know what happened to K9?’

K9 was back with them. The Doctor had lassoed him with some of the Cybermats’ strong thread and dragged him out of the field. Then she’d unclogged his pollen-choked circuits using the bit of Graham’s Swiss army knife that was for getting stones out of horses’ hooves.

By the time K9’s function was restored, Yaz and Theodore had put out the campfire and packed up the leftover food. It was nearing nightfall, but the idea of sleeping by Melinda’s cottage didn’t appeal to anyone. Besides, they weren’t tired, thanks to their drugged sleep during the day. So they made their way back to the road of yellow brick and walked on. The Doctor had asked Yaz and Theodore to take care of Graham, so they each threaded an arm through his and gently guided him forward. There were so many things he wanted to investigate (like potentially poisonous snakes with huge fangs and plants that looked like candyfloss, but had foot-long thorns, sharper than any cactus), and so many things that would suddenly frighten him (like unusually shaped stones or, on one occasion, his own foot). But guarding Graham was still preferable to being with Ryan – the Doctor was the one keeping a close eye on him – because it made Yaz’s still-present heart hurt so much to see him like this.

They all settled down – Ryan choosing the spot closest to the campfire and annexing Graham’s backpack to use as a pillow (it didn’t make a very comfortable pillow, but it was better than the rocky ground). With K9 on guard duty, they felt safe enough to go to sleep.

‘Mistress! Mistress!’ Working in the emergency services meant Yaz was awake and alert in an instant. She sat up the moment she heard K9’s insistent bark and took stock of the situation. The fire was burning low, and she guessed she’d been asleep three or four hours. There was Theodore, curled up and breathing slowly. Next to him was Graham, flat on his back like he was making a snow angel in the leaves, snuffling in his sleep. But that was all. There was no sign of either the Doctor or Ryan.

‘Where are they, K9?’ she asked.

‘The Doctor-Mistress has gone off to, ahem, “Have a bit of a look-see”. She left 3.74 hours ago, instructing me to watch over everyone. Master Ryan left 3.18 minutes ago and did not inform me of his destination or purpose. I followed to ascertain his immediate direction of travel, then returned to notify you, Mistress.’

‘For your further information: Master Ryan took with him the rucksack formerly in the possession of Master Graham,’ K9 added.

‘OK, K9, point me in the right direction, then stay here and guard Graham and Theodore. Don’t leave them, and don’t wake them up unless you have to, yeah?’

‘Yeah, you’re right. You’ve got to eat. So it was lucky Graham brought all that stuff. Lucky because it meant we could see off those scarecrows. Lucky because all of us together sorted out Melinda and her Cyber-boyf. Imagine if you’d had to face those alone. Even with the contents of the backpack you wouldn’t be able to do all that by yourself. And we’ve got K9, of course – he can do loads, from talking to robots to seeing off wild animals. Then there’s the Doctor. How d’you reckon you’re going to get out of here without her? And I don’t just mean because she’s so clever, I mean literally. Cos she’s got the TARDIS. Fancy getting home without that? Talk about “not gonna happen”.’

Eventually, when Yaz was sure she’d passed the same tree trunk three times, she stopped. ‘I’m going to call for K9,’ she said. She took a deep breath and shouted for the dog.

But it wasn’t K9 who answered. ‘Yaz, that you?’ came back the Doctor’s voice.

‘What’ve you been doing?’ Yaz asked. ‘K9 said you’d gone to have a look around. Did you find anything?’

The fire had gone out by the time they got back – but the clearing was lit up by K9’s laser beams as he directed them at two very strange creatures. They seemed to be the stone lions that sat either side of the entrance to Grauman’s Theatre back in Los Angeles – but they were alive!

The ‘nice kitties’, though, were baring their teeth. All that was preventing them from attacking was K9. His laser seemed to bounce off the living stone, but perhaps it tickled enough to give them pause. That wouldn’t last long, though; they’d soon realise he was no real threat.

The Doctor and Theodore had succeeded in getting Graham moving, and they all fled into the woods – K9 too. ‘Did you get both of them?’ the Doctor asked as they ran.

A huge roar came from behind them. ‘K9 and me’ll hold it off!’ shouted the Doctor. ‘Come on, K9!’

Yaz ran back and helped Theodore pick up the already snoring Graham as the Doctor and K9 stood between them and the lion. It didn’t look like K9’s laser would stop it for long – in fact, the lion was already crouching, ready to pounce.

There was only one person – well, sort of person – he could turn to. ‘K9!’ he called.

‘Negative,’ said K9. ‘With me accompanying you, your lack of scientific knowledge is not insurmountable.’

‘Negative,’ said K9.

‘Thank y– I mean, I still think we should try to find the Doctor. What d’you reckon, K9?’

The little dog’s ears whirred backwards and forwards. ‘Chances of finding Doctor-Mistress from current-known information calculated at 3.6 per cent.’

Yaz was terrified by the idea of leaving the path – although, as she was also terrified by the idea of staying on the path, it didn’t make a lot of difference either way. At least Graham was happy to do what Theodore suggested, although that was more about finding the flying apes than finding the Doctor. Eventually, however, after some persuasion, they all turned off the road of yellow brick and set off across a barren heath, a much less pleasant terrain. K9, in particular, struggled considerably.

‘Come along, Master Theodore,’ said K9. ‘Master Graham is already considerably ahead and this uneven surface is draining my power.’

They caught up with Graham at the town gates. As soon as they entered, the paths became wonderfully smooth and even. K9 made a metallic sound of relief and stopped to ‘recharge himself’ after the difficult journey. The houses seemed to be made out of the same substance as the paths, shiny and white, with roofs of pale blue – roofs that only came up to Theodore’s shoulder. He kneeled down and knocked on the smooth white door of the first house they came to.

‘It’s OK, I’ll look after you,’ he told her. Graham was already on his hands and knees, crawling through the door, and Theodore led the way after him. K9 remained outside, his head tilted upward so he could watch the sky, just on the off-chance that the Ogron things were still flying around.

He thanked Smiley and ushered the other three out of the house before following on his hands and knees. Yes, that was the best course of action. Back to the yellow brick road and on to the Wizard. With K9’s help, they’d find their way back no problem, and they hadn’t lost too much time …

That was when he realised that K9 was nowhere in sight. He started calling out for the dog, but Smiley hurried back out of her house and told him, ‘Shhhh – people will hear you!’

Graham started to cry. ‘I want K9! I miss K9!’ Theodore wondered what his brothers would say to that, a grown man crying over a dog. He hadn’t even been allowed to cry when his own dog, Button … No. He wouldn’t think about Button.

‘We’re going to rescue K9,’ Theodore announced. ‘Where would the Cracked have taken him?’

Graham wailed when Theodore said that. ‘They can’t melt K9! He’s my friend!’

The municipal kiln was in the town square, near the glue fountain. Theodore gave polite nods to the townsfolk they met, some of whom nodded back, some of whom scampered away scared. He made himself not care. He had to get K9, and that was the end of it.

The kiln itself was a large dome, rather like a brick beehive. Smoke came out of a hole at the top, and the only entrance was a single archway at its base. Outside that archway stood a group of Porcelain People who looked very different from Smiley. There was a clown and a balloon-seller, a bearded sailor and a street urchin, and others who had been broken and glued together so many times it was hard to even guess at what they’d once been. They were chipped and cracked and some had whole limbs missing. And they had K9.

In answer, the sailor opened the kiln door and threw in the metal mutt. Graham yelled in anguish. ‘K9!’ He barged through the crowd of Cracked and tried to open the door – then fell back, his face crumpled in pain. ‘It burns!’

The glue that had ensnared K9 had melted in the heat of the kiln! Now his nose-blaster slid out and he began to fire laser beams at the Cracked, knocking them to the ground. Then he carefully shot at Theodore and the others, melting their own gluey bonds.

‘Come on, everybody!’ Theodore flung the crook back to Smiley with a ‘Thanks!’ and grabbed Graham’s and Yaz’s hands. Ryan followed with K9 bringing up the rear, his laser still shooting away, until they reached the limits of Chinatown, and they didn’t stop running until they were far away, back to the road of yellow bricks. They finally paused for breath in a clump of tall trees.

But on the other hand … the fam were incredibly vulnerable right now. Yes, they had Theodore, and they had K9, but that was a lot of responsibility to wish on an inexperienced teenager and a metal dog. Doing the big stuff was always going to appeal to the Doctor – the grand gesture, the heroic rescue, the overthrowing of megalomaniacs. Anything else, not so much. The slow, boring, sensible course didn’t appeal to her at all. But sometimes she had to grit her teeth and not be heroic. She wanted to go after the villain, but she had to get back to her friends.

No. K9 called her Mistress. It didn’t mean anything.

He didn’t want to tell the Doctor what had happened while she was away. Nearly losing K9, being attacked by the Cracked … It didn’t sound good. But of course she asked, and, while he was trying to think of a way of explaining it, K9 told her everything. Theodore cringed. Except, when K9 had finished, the Doctor grabbed Theodore and pulled him into the biggest hug in the world.

The Smiling Shepherdess’s dainty cakes hadn’t made much of a dent in anyone’s hunger, so Theodore rooted in Graham’s cornucopia of a rucksack and made toast for everyone over a small campfire, with foraged berries for dessert. Then they settled down for a desperately needed sleep, with K9 standing guard.

‘How are we going to get past all those … things?’ asked Theodore, feeling as panicky as Yaz looked. ‘Can K9 shoot them or something?’

‘Negative!’ The dog answered for himself rather than waiting for the Doctor to speak. ‘Size and quantity of opponents make chances of success for single combatant of limited power less than 0.34 per cent.’

‘OK. I’m going to give you a few lines to learn. Then I’m going to go this way, and you’re going to go that way. Keep low, keep covered. K9, you’re in charge here – Yaz, Graham, Ryan, you’re going to do exactly what K9 tells you, and K9, this is what you’re going to do …’

As soon as all the creatures were distracted, K9 came charging in, ushering the Doctor’s three friends before him. A few whirrs of the Doctor’s sonic screwdriver, and they were inside.

Yaz shrieked. Things being green wasn’t what you’d call intrinsically scary, but that didn’t stop her being scared anyway. Graham was prodding himself, frowning, seemingly unable to understand why he now looked green instead of black and white. The Doctor attempted to balance a pair of glasses on K9’s head – with limited success, due to the dog’s metal muzzle sloping forward.

‘It’s a start,’ said the Doctor, winking at Theodore as the five of them and K9 followed the guard through the ornate doors and into the palace.

The green-bearded guard was still waiting outside the room with K9, and there were now five young women in green-checked gingham frocks there too. One stepped forward and curtseyed. ‘Food has been prepared for you,’ she said. ‘Please follow us.’

They followed. A table had been set up for them in the banqueting hall: five chairs, five place settings and even a bowl on the floor for K9, filled with what appeared to be dark green oil. Each young woman waited on a member of their party, rushing around to provide them with anything and everything, constantly refilling their goblets with sparkling green wine. Theodore thought the goblets might actually be made of emerald – and Ryan may have thought so too, as Theodore spotted him slipping his drinking vessel in his pocket when he thought no one was looking.

Theodore suddenly gasped in recognition. ‘The park you and K9 were talking about? The writer was planning to build an Oz park on an island near California, and have his characters look after him!’

Oz’s eyes nearly popped out of his head as the throne-room doors opened and K9 came in, juddering slightly as he negotiated the rug. ‘Mistress?’ the dog enquired.

‘Add all this to your databanks, please, K9.’

‘External impetus not required,’ K9 announced. ‘I am self-governing and able to converse at will.’

He was looking at the Doctor again, but K9 once more answered for himself: ‘Negative.’

She stood up. Yaz shrieked and grabbed hold of the Doctor’s coat sleeve. ‘Yaz.’ She spoke very softly to her friend. ‘You’re gonna be a brave girl for me, yeah? Mr Baum here’s going to keep you safe while I’m gone.’ Yaz showed no signs of being satisfied by that, and the Doctor looked slightly desperate. ‘And K9! K9’ll stay too. You know he won’t let any nasty monsters get you.’

‘Affirmative!’ interjected K9. ‘I will not leave your side, Mistress Yaz.’

‘Which is why you need someone with you!’ Theodore was feeling stubborn. He knew he really wanted to stay behind in the Emerald City in safety, and that was what made him even more determined not to do so. He would prove his pop wrong. ‘The others’ll be safe here with Mr Baum and K9. But I can’t just sit here waiting for you to come back, I just can’t. I want to help.’

The Doctor burst out laughing. ‘Of course it is! I should have spotted that. Hold on, I won’t be a mo …’ She opened the glass door of the clock, pushed aside the pendulum and vanished inside. After all he’d seen, Theodore didn’t even blink. The logical conclusion was that this clock housed a machine bigger than itself, just as the Doctor’s dimensionally transcendental police box did, and it followed that it might contain similar components. And the Doctor needed mercury (aka quicksilver, chemical symbol Hg, atomic number 80), so this was the best place for her to look.

Yaz laughed. ‘Ryan! I don’t think they did fist bumps back in 1939!’ She raised her own fist and demonstrated, and soon they were all laughing.

They found the Doctor standing over Missy, supervising the removal of the electrodes from Baum’s head with the assistance of K9. The Doctor was holding on firmly to the brim of the witch’s hat, which she still had on her head, so Missy couldn’t summon the Airgrons and escape.

They ran out of the throne room, Yaz dragging a reluctant Baum by the hand, but came to a hurried stop as a black-cloaked figure bared his fangs at them. They turned away – only to come face to face with a shambling shape wrapped all over in bandages. ‘Dracula – and the Mummy!’ gasped Ryan, even though everyone could see the characters for themselves. The Doctor ordered K9 to shoot, but his lasers had no effect on the undead.

‘Yes! It’s worth a try!’ said the Doctor. She picked up K9 and shut her eyes. ‘There’s no place like home!’

The Doctor flipped some switches on the strange central console. ‘Have you back home in a couple of shakes of K9’s tail.’ The metal dog waggled his tail antennae as though anticipating a bone or walkies.

‘Graham and Ryan, that way,’ said the Doctor, pointing to the left. ‘Yaz and Theodore, that way.’ She indicated the street to the right. ‘K9, with me.’

But did it matter? If your life was a happy one – did it really matter? He thought it should be an upsetting idea, but really it wasn’t, not to him. Living in a book would be preferable to LA in 1939 in almost every way.

‘Information!’ said K9. ‘My sensors indicate there is no “out of here”. This is the only part of Oz remaining. Soon it will vanish entirely.’

They were in the throne room, the four time travellers, K9, Baum and Theodore. The Doctor had made some adjustments to the hastily rigged cap, and it was now time to transfer it from Baum to its new wearer. ‘We’ll have to do it quickly,’ the Doctor said. ‘Don’t want to let anything out of the woodwork during the transfer. Are you both ready?’

She took the cap from Baum’s head and hurriedly placed it on Theodore’s, like she was performing a coronation on a monarch. She used her sonic screwdriver to adjust the settings, as K9 called out directions and calculations. Finally, she stood back and smiled, her work done.

They walked out to the yellow brick road. Dorothy said, ‘About happy endings. Mr Baum wrote fourteen Oz books, K9 said. Well, he must have a really huge imagination. I’m not a writer! I’ll use up all my ideas in a week!’

‘One thing, though. It’s very easy to get lost in a book. And I’m not saying that’s always a bad thing – in fact, it can be a wonderful thing – but you need to know you can always find your way out again. So I’m leaving you, well, let’s call him your librarian. Your bookshop owner. Not saying he can replace that little pup Button, but he’ll be a good friend for all that. K9!’

‘How’d you feel about staying with Dorothy, K9? You can catalogue the world for her.’

K9’s ears waggled. ‘I am not a fan of cat-aloguing, Mistress. However, I will happily inventory the contents for Mistress Dorothy.’

It took Dorothy a second to work out that K9 had just made a joke. But it was the sort of joke she liked, a joke about words. ‘Sounds good to me, K9,’ she said.

‘As I am staying in Oz, Mistress Dorothy, I am contemplating adopting a new appellation. You may call me 2-2.’

The Doctor burst out laughing. ‘Dorothy and 2-2! That’s perfect.’

Dorothy and 2-2 went back into the Emerald City, where, as the Doctor put it, they would be sure to live happily ever after.

‘King Kong!’ said the Doctor, sweeping in. ‘Interesting fact: every time it was released, they cut a bit. Through the years, bit here, bit there. Chop, chop, chop. And then they went and lost some of the bits they cut out – didn’t think anyone would want to see them again. Daft, obviously, but, means the only way of seeing the full thing is to pop back to the 1930s.’

First published 2021

Copyright © BBC, 2021

BBC logo © BBC 1996. DOCTOR WHO logo and WHO insignia © BBC 2018.

Cyberman image © BBC/Kit Pedler/Gerry Davis 1966.

ISBN: 978-1-405-94801-2

Chapter 1 White collar regs love to meet in the grime. I prefer my office, but the snooping business is consumer-centric, so it was at the request of my only client, Toby Teenie, that I was standing in muck under the crosstoun bridge at one AM, with the stink of still water up my nose, and a large, brown folder in my hand. Fortunately it wasn't long until all three hundred pounds of him pulled up in a little red sports car. He threw it in park, dislodged himself, and came waddling over to me in his tailored Italian suit like a pregnant yak. “Did you really get them?”

Toby looked at the envalope and said, “Alright.” Then he deflated like a punctured parade float, and shuffled 2wards the man.

Chapter 2 The alarm clock's short hand was tickling ten when the sun got the nerve to kick open my eyes. Throwing the covers aside I got out of bed, shuffled off to shave the face an ex of mine called “knobbly,” and once I had the undergrowth pruned, I slapped on a gray suit and hat with a black overcoat, filled my twin shoulder holsters with Rico and Lois, and headed out the door.

My matte black Jalopy was parked out front. I got into it, and headed 2wards my office wishing I had sunglasses every mile of the trip. Not because of the daylight. No. It was the toun itself. That's the thing about Gold Coast City, whether morning, noon, or night it's got a shine that shames Vegas at Christmastime. Some think it's because of all those big, silver buildings in City Centre that twist as they climb through the clouds. Others believe the glow comes from the aura of our frontier past that's still rife in neighborhoods like Blackwood and Cobbles. And the tourists swear it's because we have more capes per square mile than any other burg around. But the simple truth is Gold Coast City is the greatest jewel in the world's tiara, and it shines accordingly.

The urge to scream rose, but I beat it back down. No reason to let that batty dame know my goat was got. Instead, I dropped the bottle into the trashcan, and turned my attention to The Chronicle. Splashed across its front page was a story about Hard Drive, a black cape who was killed the day before in a melee with Al Mighty. Below that was a puff piece on tomorrow night's Save the Finch gala, and at the very bottom was a story covering the progress of I-93's construction.

Chapter 3 Wentorf Hall resides inside the Gold Coast City Museum, a five-story castle made of massive, gray stones. It sits on a grassy hill overlooking the downtoun business district, and while the thirty million tourists that stroll through this burg annually almost exclusively come to spot a white cape, enough of them still stop in for some culture, and maybe a mug. So the cops would want the crime scene spotless as soon as possible, which is why I rushed there with minor regard for traffic laws.

Parking out front, I ran up the white marble stairs, past the gold plated gates, and into the lobby where, touwring high, was a statue of Poseidon. He cast his godly gaze over me and the other visitors as they moved back and forth like schools of fish, happily chattering in whatever language Babel saw fit to stick them with. Pulling my hat low I pushed through them, and fed a fiver into the donation box before making my way 2wards my target: the gem room.

Chapter 4 Henchmen's was a speakeasy that catered exclusively to the black cape set. There's no better place for a powered thug to go for a finger of Octane, or info on the underbelly of Gold Coast City, but it's always best to be on guard because it can run rough on the smoothest of days.

“Here's fine.” I plowed an uppercut into her ribs, and she dropped to the floor sans the air in her lungs. Quick as I could I spun 2wards Slamazon to give her a licking.

She pointed 2wards the exit. “Remember it outside.”

Chapter 5 I blinked a few times. Then stared at the photo. Yep. I was right. Both boys were badly burnt.

Chapter 6 Wetlands was a Brazilian dance club that had a running sideline in less than legal hard-to-find hardware. It was owned by a black cape named Swamp, and while we normally don't speak I'd just found his card in the pocket of a dead man. A dead man who died near two pieces of hard-to-find hardware. And it reasoned that if he supplied the filament, and the canister, then he provided the chemical himself, or knew the person who did. Either way, I could be one big step closer to solving my case.

“Screw this.” Vec stepped 2wards me. “I'm going to lay you out flat.”

Chapter 7 The last time I saw Doodle she was about as big as a baby bird. Now she looked a lot more like her mother. And not in the eyes, nose, and chin way. It was her stance. The attitude. That hard soft skin around her pout.

Chapter 8 The sun was way below the horizon when I hunkered down behind the thick bank of trees that sat fifty yards from the Gold Coast City Museum's rear entrance. My black overcoat was doing a fine job of keeping me hidden, but I also had on my old mask. It only went around my eyes, but that would be enough to fool the dozen wall mounted cameras that were stairing down on the parking lot between me and the building, if I was dumb enough to get seen. Each one was shaking its head at a different pace, which was going to make this tricky. I had to wait for them to find a rhythm, and all look away together. It was tedious. But necessary. If I got pinched inside these walls I'd be locked up in Impenetron for years. Unless it was Al Mighty who did the pinching. Then I'd be buried under Ayers Hill, with nothing but a John Doe carved into my headstone.

Chapter 9 The guy was right. My skin's harder to get through than Advanced Latin, but neither eye would stop a slug. And the lids that protected them offered less protection than you'd think. So I put my hands up. “Don't shoot. Please.”

I shoved Waters into the soup, and then with my back tight against the wall, I shimmied 2wards the wyndow on the right. When I got there I leapt up, grabbed its iron bars, and climbed them like a ladder.

Despite the heavy fire I reached the top in seconds, putting the model orca's tail ten feet behind me. Then I bent my knees. And sprang backwards. Twisting through the air I reached 2wards the tip of the great mammal's tail. But bullets ripped big, black chunks from my target. And those tiny harpoons tore every bit of fake skin and blubber off, leaving only the metal support cable behind, which swayed as it dangled.

But there were no white capes waiting. It was all clear. I moved 2wards the ledge.

Chapter 10 “What're you doing up here?” I said.

He didn't know. “Ok then.” I turned and took two steps 2wards the cuffs. Then two more past them. And jumped off the roof. I fell through the air 2wards the blacktop, plunging five stories in seconds. Hitting the concrete hard I rolled forwards, and came up on my feet, already jogging away. As I went I looked over my shoulder and waved to the cop.

I ran across the first two. But in the third a bus was coming fast. I dived 2wards the sidewalk. And the people mover plowed into my shins. I spun through the air, and slammed into a brick wall, then flopped to the ground.

I aimed my sled 2wards the hospital and about a half an hour later I was on the road that led to its parking lot. My clock said it was almost ten, which meant I had a touch over two hours of waiting before Lockter left. The smart play was to pull in, and wait until she went home, then slip past security for maximum time with the corpses.

Chapter 11 Doodle's attitude earlier was one of pure teen angst. That didn't bother me. What did was the mention of a solo meet that had her nervous. She sounded like she needed backup. And I wasn't going to let her go without it. So I stopped three blocks away from Wetlands and waited for her to pop out. I'd stay planted for as long as I could, and while my heels cooled I'd dice up the case.

Swamp couldn't tell me who that was, or if they harbored ill will 2wards the boys, but the evidence on Thermite's body could, so long as I- A slamming door roused me from my thoughts.

She jogged 2wards me, muttering something and pointing sideways.

“This is nothing. Now get out of here. I got a thing.” She walked back 2wards Wetlands.

I got up and lunged 2wards him. But a green wave rose up between us. “Son of a-” was all I got out before Swamp, in his purely liquid form, crashed down and swallowed me whole.

Chapter 12 I opened my eyes to a beautiful sunny day. Day. I shot up and looked at my watch. Six thirty AM. I punched the pavement, cracking the cement. God damn you, Swamp. My window at the morgue was closed. Now what would I do?

I stood up and did the self pat down. My keys, wallet, and hardware were all still in place, so I turned 2wards my ride. Dozens of pedestrians were on the sidewalk, making their way to work. I plowed through them on the way to my car. But when I got there all I found was ocean air, and a sign that said tow away zone.

Bundy was already halfway down the center aisle, fleeing 2wards the ocean. “Yeah, right.” He reached the end of the ro and turned the corner fast and blind.

I didn't know how much more I could take. Not because my grip would give, or my legs would burn, but because twenty yards ahead at the dock's end, was a large, cement column. And Bundy was dragging me right 2wards it. If I smacked it I'd lose my grip. And even if I held on I didn't know if I'd climb my way onto Bundy's craft before I passed out from lack of oxygen. So I took the third option.

Gritting my teeth, I pulled the rope 2wards me, and wrapped that extra line around my wrist. I pulled again. And the boat came even closer. Then, hand-over-hand I dragged Bundy 2wards me like a fat man sucks in a plate of pasta, until the vessel was only a few feet from the dock's edge.

Chapter 13 I dragged Bundy down the pier, and threw him head first into the pile of garbage bags. “Now tell me everything you know about those boys.”

Chapter 14 “How?” I said.

Chapter 15 “So where to?” Monday said as he started the car.

“Thermite's this way.” I led Monday down the aisle 2wards the boys who were now out of their bags and under a sheet like the other guests. When I got to Leonard I uncovered him. “Here he is.”

“I-93's under construction.”

The truck's engine growled. Then it roared. And the metal brute lurched forward, plowing into us for a second time. My door crumpled in. And the roof ground against the concrete as we slid sideways. 2wards the edge of Hillimanjaro.

And all I had in my hand was a small piece of jagged metal. Then our car shook. We'd hit the pier, and were skittering across the wooden planks 2wards the bay.

Chapter 16 The icy water's pressure built as our car raced, grill first, 2wards the bottom of the bay. I struggled against my belt. But it had me locked in. So I grabbed the latch and ripped it free.

Instead I tightened my grip and kicked as rough as I could while clawing with my free hand 2wards the surface. It was thirty yards away now. My temples were burning like lumps of coal. The shallow water blackout was creeping in.

The nearest man ran 2wards the flotation device and snatched it from its perch. He hurled it 2wards me, and brother, that guy must've thrown discus in college because even with a nylon rope fluttering behind it the white donut landed mere inches away.

The land dwellers got in a hasty line and started to yank us 2wards the shore, and we were under the edge of the dock in seconds. The topside team kept pulling, but their plucky grit couldn't hoist all four hundred plus pounds of us out of the drink. Not completely.

Chapter 17 A few minutes later the paramedics arrived and had Monday field dressed quicker than a lawyer tells two lies. But as they loaded him in, three patrol cars pulled up and five cops got out.

I turned 2wards the hill. I could still make it. Maybe. But I had to rush.

I sprinted 2wards the hill, searching for grave men on the job. About halfway there I ran into one coming my way. He looked fiftyish, had on a pair of overalls, and was carrying a dirty shovel.

I pushed him out of my way and walked 2wards the graves. I needed to see for myself. And sure enough I found two fresh mounds of dark dirt. The tombstones weren't there yet, but they'd arrive soon.

Chapter 18 After my thwarting at Ayers I felt, and smelled, awful. So before returning to the office I stopped at my place for a hot shower. First I scrubbed the remnants of Bittenbach Bay off. Then the thin film Swamp had left behind the night before. And by the time I washed the layer of standard city grime from my skin I was ready to think about the case. Or more importantly, what just happened.

Tera opened her mouth and let out a scream. The sonic blast hit my chest and knocked me over the sofa. I landed on my back, but jumped up quick. Grabbing my end table, I threw it 2wards her. And ran right after it.

I got to my feet and lumbered 2wards her. “Stop.”

Chapter 19 After Tera left I threw on a clean suit, hailed a cab, and headed to the office where I found that Mrs. West had returned from her errands. “You smell like soap,” she said.

Chapter 20 I ran down the stairs, aimed my car 2wards Jutter's Mill Beach, and stomped on the gas so hard I nearly put my heel through the floorboard. The buildings outside flew by, and for every blurry mile I reflected on that cryptic crypt keeper and what he said. Thermite and the computer guy… He meant Hard Drive, not Firewall.

Widow stared at the sea, and murmured her goodbyes. They were soft and sweet, and when they were finished we walked back 2wards our cars. Halfway there she took my arm, and leant on me a bit. “I guess I should thank you.”

We got to the asphalt and headed 2wards Widow's ride. “I've never heard the name.”

Chapter 21 I pointed my wheels 2wards Gold Coast General Hospital, partially to see if the cop was ok, but mostly to find out if he or his pals had any info on, I assumed, Scourge's truck. I figured maybe they found some traffic footage of him fleeing, and we could trace it back to whichever doorway he was currently darkening.

Monday said, “I'm leaning 2wards the latter.”

Chapter 22 “Is that what I think it is?” Monday said.

Chapter 23 “Pull over!”

And boy was she right. All seven lanes were slathered with cars as far as I could see. “Damn it, the construction. Seven interstates run through this burg and I choose the I-93.”

I sucked in as much air as I could, and pressed. Pain ran up my lower back like wildfire. Both knees shook. But the colossal truck pitched over some, 2wards the cop. I grabbed the frame with both hands. And pushed some more. My elbows nearly buckled. But now the truck was leaning over even farther. Just one more shove. That's all it needed.

Doodle turned 2wards me. “Really? Where is it?”

As I raced 2wards it the chopper above us picked up some altitude. He was planning on flying over the bridge to pick us up on the other side.

Chapter 24 A few blocks from my office was Eggs Am, a twenty-four hour diner with a checkered formica floor so dotted with scuff marks you couldn't tell which were the white squares and which were the black. My usual spot was at the lunch counter in the front, but we required cover, so I led Doodle down the ro of sparkly, blue booths to the spot in the corner, and slid into one side while she took the other. Holding a hand up to my mouth I yelled, “Acouste.”

And I grabbed her arm. “No. You head up to my place where no one can identify you. It's number 3 1 0.” I handed her the keys and started down the block.

Chapter 25 When I woke up around ten I was still in my chair, as upright and stiff as the empty bottle on the floor. I got to my feet and stretched, popping all the vertebrae back into place that got knocked around by last night's truck lift. As I did something fell from my lap.

“Yeah. Stupid name, I know, but he's got A-1 dark urges. He'd probably peel my cap and keep the dough for himself rather than do what he's told and pay me my fee. But I figure with an ape like you on my elbow he won't be so apt to go sideways. Then, after he slides me the green, I'll slide you the name.”

Chapter 26 Limestone Rock was an island that jutted out from the south part of toun. Along with Highside, it's what made Bittenbach a bay. But while the northern peninsula's got the ports, Limestone Rock's the hot ticket for manufacturing. Or at least it was until the lure of low cost labor and warmer climates became too much for the executives to ignore. Now Limestone Rock's sort of a ghost toun, a new old west boom burg that's all but deserted save for a handful of active places and a whole lot of empty ones.

I parked down an alley three blocks away, slapped on my mask, and crept 2wards the Glove Depot. I didn't see a soul the whole trip. Unusual. But not unwelcome.

Two cops were standing behind the barrels in the corner. One had a shoulder mounted rocket launcher. It roared loud, and sent a yellow fireball 2wards me. The blast hit dead center so hard I could feel it in my teeth. It launched me off the roof. I twisted around as I plummeted to the ground. And struck the concrete.

Now I was on the street again. And there was no one around. I charged back 2wards my car, taking a wide arc over a few extra blocks to avoid any cops. It worked. I made it without seeing a soul.

Chapter 27 He put both fists high on his hips and said, “So which way you coming, quiet or bloody?”

“Shame. It'll be the last thing you see.” Al launched 2wards me again.

I popped out of my hiding spot and started back down the street 2wards my car, taking the corner at full speed.

“No patter? From what I hear that's ominous.” She charged 2wards me. And pounced.

I shuffled back 2wards the sea. “Come on. I'm going to spank you like I did your sister last night. Let's see if you enjoy it as much as she did.”

But on the fourth pass he began to pull himself 2wards me. His eyes were wild. The skin around them twisted like old bark. He yelled, “Let me go.”

But there was no time to mark it. Instead I turned tail and ran back to my Jalopy. Lois was right there next to it. I scooped her up and drove 2wards the nearest bridge. The cops had pulled back, probably to give Al some room, so I found an unguarded on-ramp and fled back to the city without further delay.

Chapter 28 Once I got back to my office I headed upstairs to patch up my mug. Mrs. West was behind her desk in a coral suit, and she looked up at me like I was beating a puppy to death with a bagful of kittens. “What happened to you?”

Chapter 29 Scooping up all my tools I went downstairs to wait for Monday. He arrived fifteen minutes later in a white sedan. I slid into the passenger side and said, “The Ritz, and step lively.”

Pete smiled and motioned 2wards the chairs. “Please.”

Monday studied his new toy as I walked 2wards the exit with Pete.

“Like that vial.” I nodded back 2wards Monday.

Chapter 30 “Maybe,” I said, “but not today. Quick, what's the difference between that vial and the grade nine type?”

We got into our car and drove 2wards the compound's exit. There was only one road out, and on it, about twenty yards ahead, was a left turn that led to the upper parking lot. At the last second Monday turned up it, and gunned the engine.

Creeping 2wards the front of the vehicle Monday put a hand on his pistol.

Then the blue vehicle roared to life. It drove forward, over the parking block, and bombed down the grassy hill 2wards the building.

The SUV hit the lower lot we'd just come from and turned 2wards the exit.

Scourge was now out of the lower lot and rocketing 2wards the exit. I fired off a target seeker at his front tire. But despite it hitting dead center the vehicle kept rolling.

Chapter 31 For an SUV, the black-then-red-now-blue beast was moving swift. But thanks to my heavy foot we were only seconds behind it when our white sedan rocketed out the busted gate. Scourge had put some distance between us though, and about a half dozen cars occupied it.

All five slugs cut a wide arc in the air, turned 2wards the SUV, and bounced off its side. “Those are target seekers. The first in each clip has a homing tracer the rest follow. Not like they did any good.”

I turned around and walked 2wards him. “Keep waggling that tongue and I'll use it to shine my shoes.”

Chapter 32 Allen-Fox's office took up three of the topmost floors in one of City Centre's sky scratchers, and like the last two stops it had a helpful receptionist who pointed us to their representative, Mr. Errol. He was a silver haired man behind a walnut desk sporting Italian cotton from his shoulders to his shoes. And while the room was clearly decorated with a hefty corporate budget, the most expensive thing in it was Errol's rich man's expression, the kind he thought would protect him from the rest of the world. “Gentlemen,” he said with a gleaming smile, “please, have a seat.”

Chapter 33 I kicked in Mr. Errol's door.

“No, it's not.” I turned and walked 2wards the door. “And now she's going to jail for a five-year-old robbery.”

Chapter 34 Like most buildings in this burg Margaret Shelly's condo was all steel and glass with a top so high it poked through the clouds. The doorman out front opened up for us and we took the elevator to her penthouse.

Chapter 35 It was Monday who broke the silence. “Hello Ms. Shelly. Yes, that's correct, we have been looking for you. Would you mind joining us?”

Chapter 36 Monday hung up his cell phone, and tossed it onto the dashboard. “It all checks out, Shelly was en route to Atlanta when the boys broke into the museum. And her finances are clean. If she paid a hefty sum for this crime she did it with a secret trick our fraud guys don't know.”

“Affirmative,” Monday said. “Let's go.” As we took off 2wards Toby's Monday said, “So how do you know this guy?”

Chapter 37 Doodle? What was my kid still doing in toun? And why was she in North Point? Was she wrapped up with Bundy? What the hell was going on?

Monday motioned 2wards me. “I do. Let's go.”

I motioned 2wards the car. “Up there.”

I turned and took a step 2wards the exit. But then a high-pitched shriek cut the air. The roof started to shake. And it burst open, dropping debree all around.

Tera yelled, “Sketch, hurry.” She gunned the engines and her jetboat raced 2wards the open water.

But then the hard rain ceased. And a loud creaking rose up. With Monday still beneath me I looked back. The whole warehouse teetered 2wards us and, like a tidal wave, crashed down. I braced against the dock as the avalanche of metal and cement consumed us. It took a long while for the rumbling to stop.

Chapter 38 I pulled Monday's car keys out of his pocket. It was time to vanish. Voices were coming from inside the wrecked warehouse, but there was enough smoke, dust, and piles of debree that I couldn't see who they belonged to. And that meant they couldn't see me. Meaning to keep it that way I ran down the dock, and took a left, circling around the outer wall, some of which was still standing. Crouching low I moved fast, and the voices from the other side of the rubble grew louder.

“Someone call a K-9 unit.”

Chapter 39 When I got to Henchmen's it was all but deserted save for two gals at the bar. As I took a seat three stools down they turned my way. It was Kalamity and Slamazon, the giantesses I'd traded wallops with a few days ago. I expected the pair would start with me again, but instead all they did was pound their drinks and march out the door.

Chapter 40 I got in my car and sat for a second. The Octane was still doing its thing in my veins, but that's not the reason I wasn't turning the key. I figured it was possible I'd be tossed in Impenetron. Maybe beat Glory Anna in a fistfight. I even imagined I'd make it out of this biz alive to retire down in Saint Luthor's. But I never expected to be banned from Henchmen's.

Chapter 41 Swamp yelled, “Holy crap.”

His pressure let up, but not enough to escape, and Swamp took a step 2wards me, then wrapped his hand around my mouth. It turned to liquid. The bitter juice flowed down my nose and throat. I tried to cough it out but neither lung was up to the task. Instead pain stabbed my eyes and temples. I shook my head. But the liquid mask stuck firm. My world got dark. Again.

I turned from the stairs. At the other end of the hall was a window. Slipping my iron under my jacket I charged 2wards it, and crashed through the glass. The night air was cold. And I fell through it fast. Landing rough, I tumbled to the asphalt. And when I got to my feet I was near a black Jalopy.

Chapter 42 I took the stairs up to my apartment with the boxes from my office, and when I opened my door I flicked on the lights. But it stayed dark.

So I dropped my office gear and walked 2wards the lamp in the corner.

Chapter 43 By the time I found my feet Scourge and Gunmetal were long gone. So I grabbed the boxes from my office and plopped them on the table next to my computer. In order to save my daughter from Scourge I had to get him the Coconut. But it was locked up, and though I'm a whiz bang burglar, five hours wouldn't be enough time to successfully plan the job, let alone execute it. And despite his sadistic streak, Scourge knew that. So the request made no sense. In fact, nothing about this case did.

Chapter 44 I grabbed the phone and dialed my office. It rang. And rang again. In fact that bell tolled eight times before Monday picked up. “Hello?”

Chapter 45 Johan was grinning. Why, I had no clue. She clearly thought she knew something I didn't, but truthfully, I could reed her thoughts like they were tattooed on her forehead in a triple digit font. “You don't really think this'll work, do you?”

Chapter 46 Thirty minutes later I turned down York. There were no streetlights to illuminate my path, but I could still make out the run down ro homes that stood shoulder-to-shoulder on both sides of the street. I crept along at five miles an hour, looking left and right for an ambush. I didn't know when Scourge would make his move, but on this road there wasn't a bad place for it. The only witnesses would be the army of unseen rats and roaches, and a single rusted out car on the sidewalk.

“Yes you did,” I said, and took a step 2wards Scourge.

I spun her way. The tiny dame was limping 2wards me, her hands outstretched. I could only lift Rico waist high. So I blasted her other leg. More meat and blood sprayed the wet rug, and Gunmetal toppled.

Chapter 47 Wait. That's it.

I looped up behind him. And smiled. We were getting onto the I-93.

Then the wind died. And my letter drifted down like a leaf, landing right in front of me. I stomped on the paper, trapping it to the ground. And spun 2wards Scourge, ready to add three pounds of warm metal to his torso.

1eighty-eighth Street. An old abandoned girly club called Crush.

Chapter 48 “And the Coconut, too.” Waters was talking proud. Monday said these guys weren't cops, but they sure sounded like them when they made a collar. “We'll be bringing him to Impenetron in the wagon. What's that, please repeat? Affirmative, the diamond goes home first. Waters out.” He turned to me and smiled. “Tried to steal the Coconut, huh? You've gotten the farthest of anyone. Fortunately the museum pegged you the second you got outside, and now you're heading to the clink. Hope you like bars as much as you hate sunshine. Box him, boys.”

A car came charging 2wards me. It hit the brakes. All four tires locked as their rubber painted the road. And it came to a stop a few inches from my knees.

I ran around to the passenger side and hopped in. “1eighty-eighth street, driver. And step lively.”

Chapter 49 Crush, the old dance club, was one story with walls mostly made of boarded up or blackened windows. The buildings around it had been demolished, or simply crumbled of their own accord, so it sat on the block like a stumpy monolith, completely alone save for a few fancy automobiles parked out front.

Chapter 50 “I'm glad you could be here,” Tera said in her Tagalog tinged accent. “For the bidding war of the century.”

Chapter 51 Lee spun to Psy-ball. “What did you say?”

I looked at Doodle. And caught her gaze. I motioned to the exit. She looked at her mom. Then she nodded, and came 2wards me. But she only got two steps before Tera pulled her back.

“Ok.” Doodle took another step 2wards me.

Chapter 52 The three men stood in the middle of the room. Swamp was closest, looking furious. Vector was right behind him, with enough confidence on his face to go around. But the one that gave me the chills was Scourge. He was stairing right at my kid and her mom when he said, “Remember, we split the rock three ways, but the dames… They're all mine.”

I ran at them with Rico in hand, ready to intercept. But coming 2wards me fast was Vector. I raised my piece and- “Where do you think you're going?” Vector extended his hand.

“Dane!” Doodle lunged 2wards me.

“What?” Tera said. “You stop right-” She spun from our daughter, turning to the pair of men running 2wards her, and screamed. The force wave blasted a hole in the floor. Scourge leapt over it, and kept moving left 2wards Doodle, as Swamp veered to the right in pursuit of Tera.

My daughter, still on the stage near her mother, snapped 2wards him and pulled her pistol out.

Both Swamp and Scourge moved 2wards the diamond. Vector took a few steps that way, too. And his power eased some.

“Yes. That's exactly what it is.” I pulled my trigger five times. Each bullet hit Swamp's back dead center. Green liquid sprayed from his chest. But he didn't even slow down as he moved 2wards the Coconut.

I ignored the encroaching danger, wiped the blood from my eyes, and turned 2wards Doodle.

I thrashed, writhed, and twisted inside him, trying to push myself out. But I couldn't see a surface. There was nothing to swim 2wards.

I reached into my jacket and pulled out Lois. She jumped to life and clung to my arm. I put her on scatter shot, aimed 2wards the front of the club, and pulled the trigger.

He collapsed. But before he hit the ground I was up and running for Doodle. She was already falling off the stage. And coming down hard. Her head was sailing 2wards the floor. Sprinting two steps I dived, sliding on my knees.

Chapter 53 The sun was shining bright and strong the day I buried Doodle. But a soft ocean breeze kept it cool. You could smell cut grass, and the birds were singing in almost every tree.

“If you set foot back in this toun I'll find you and kill you. And if you doubt it, just ask Scourge. Ask Swamp. Ask the feared and fearsome Gunmetal Gray.” I grabbed my hat and walked 2wards the exit.
